Brothers, I don’t care about you.
No no. Doesn’t my family regard me as a Four Seasons War?
I think back then, Chu Guokui and I were like a family,
That is my elegance.
Now, how can I talk to others, thinking about their frozen bottom.
Figure it out, the two of us,
Now it’s still a matter of time to say that right away.
I have an internal plan, nothing more.
Is Wanguo real or fake?
You left him without a seat again, Xu Xu Xu Xu
Survival of those who do too much things
This is the way of destiny
Home is at this location
Been doing this for a long time sit down
If you are a sentimental being
The higher-ups in the family will be convinced by the above
Don't ask
Should I allow it or not?
Our first step
Of course it has to be punished
Play family
As for home?
My descendant is Xu Renting
Looking for an opportunity?
Master, does Wanjia Enterprise have any old people around them?
Now I, the producer, fully support you
I'm afraid we are not their opponent. What are we afraid of?
What's this
Jangho Group Heard the Wind
What Jangho Group
That’s the financial harm caused by staying overseas.
Then the whole world has a trend of being worth a lot of money.
Are you someone who knows Jangho Group?
You can do something like this
What a resource like Lianjianghe Group
You can find the one you love
But it’s hard for me to get close to Wan Jiaqi.
We believe that in this world
There is no such thing as an absolutely airtight car
Don't do it to a woman
That's it